##FYW Narrative

Entering this semester, my expectations of what I thought I would learn in this class versus what I did learn were hugely disparate. This class has increased my knowledge of so many subjects that I never imagined I would ever be interested in or ever need to know about. After being in this freshman year writing class, I have gained a new interest, and a new appreciation for all of the work that goes into creating websites, and computer software that I use every day, and never thought about the vast amount of work that goes into their creation and maintenance. My writing class has been my favorite class that I have taken at Furman to date, although my resume of Furman classes is limited. I have learned how to navigate through my computer using Terminal, and I have also learned so much about Plutarch and his writings, but leaving this class, I think the most important thing that I have learned is to keep an open mind to all topics and all experiences.

In attending this class, I have become familiar with the coding software R. I have enjoyed working with R because it has helped me through my statistics class. I did not understand what Terminal was or what it did. Because of my lack of knowledge of Terminal, I think that it made it a lot more interesting to learn. It has made navigating through my computer so much easier because everything is organized in one place and is very easy to locate. Learning how to use Terminal will help me significantly in the future because now that I have learned the basics to it, I will be able to expand on that knowledge so that I can do some many other tasks and computer computations faster, and more efficiently. Going to a job while having some experience on how to work Terminal and GitHub will be extremely beneficial. Everything is progressing to computers and having a background knowledge of working with them and navigating through their processes will be a sizeable distinguishing factor between other people who are competing for the same job and me.
I had learned about who Plutarch was in previous classes in high school, but we only briefly studied him and did not read any of the stories he wrote nor delved into his life at all. By examining the same story all semester that Plutarch had written, it helped to analyze it deeply and understand the meaning of his messages. I was able to see why Plutarch was such an inspirational writer at his time and was able to see his character by seeing how he viewed women in a time when most women were not respected. Not only did focusing on one topic help me learn more about Plutarch it also helped me learn a lot about the story on how the Persian Empire came to be. Even talking to classmates about their papers and listening to their speeches about their topic further expanded my knowledge about this topic that I never thought I was going to learn from this class. All of this information is a valuable foundation to have to go into other future courses.

When I began this class, I was not looking forward to it because I did not know what the title, “Digital Reading Digital Writing”, meant. I was expecting a mundane class and a class I would dread attending. But after going to this class the first day, I realized that it was not going to be what I expected. I had some of my close friends in the class which helped make it more pleasant, but also I really enjoyed the professor, and surprisingly enjoyed the topics. He was able to make the course be what we wanted it to be. If we wanted to learn more about an issue, he was able to modify the current teaching to direct the learning to fit what we were more curious about. This class taught me to have an open mind going into topics and situations because not everything is what you expect.

Although I did not choose to take this specific course, I think that it is the most beneficial class that I have been in to date at Furman. Some courses might be more specific to what I need to do in my future career, but this class will help develop a foundation and set me apart from others when I am trying to get a job. Computers are the future and having more knowledge about how to navigate through them and create different websites or programs is going to set me apart from my competitors. It is also beneficial to know multiple different subjects, such as Plutarch, and Nepos. Not only does it help to know for other classes, but it opens up opportunities for conversations with people who I usually would not expect to have a lot in common with, but since we have this common knowledge, it can help create conversation to compare and contrast what we each know. But the life lesson that I am taking away from this class will have a considerable impact on the rest of my life. I will not automatically close my mind to classes or jobs just because the title does now sound interesting at the time. I am going to start to open my mind to new experiences to find out what I want to pursue for my future based on what I genuinely enjoy.  I may not take the same career path as my family because it sounds like the right thing to do but instead will challenge myself to find my path.
